## **Sept 25th Agenda - Bundle Dependencies**

|  |  | 
| -------- | -------- |
| Recording  | https://youtu.be/ASqwQrSibvQ |
| Attending  | Glyn Normington, Karen Chu, Garvin Casimir, Djordje Lukic, Silvin Lubecki, Jacob LeGrone, Djordje Lukic, Carolyn Van Slyck, Chris G, Douglas DePerry, Josh Dolitsky, Nuno do Carmo, Radu Matei, Urvashi Reddy |
| Note Taker | Carolyn Van Slyck |

**Agenda**
* New people?
* Dependencies Use Cases (add yours!)
    * I want my cloud provider to figure out how to make a bundle for a database as a service. My bundles should be able to use that database bundle's outputs to get a connection string.
    * I want to depend on a specific version of a bundle, or just the most recent.
    * I want to be able to switch between bundles, one for production and one for local development
    * I want to securely inject outputs from one bundle dependency to another
    * I want to track what is installed by each dependency
    * I want my dependencies to be able to get dedicated load balancers. So if each asks for a load balancer bundle, then a bundle instance is executed for each one.
        * sugggestions: this type of dep would be an embedded dep that is defined in the bundle
    * I want to depend on a shared CDN. So if I rely on 5 things that want a CDN, then only a single bundle instance is executed.
        * suggestion: this type of dep would be hanled with workflow (external dep)
    * Want to reference a dependency by their digest
    * Want to deploy redis clusters using CNAB, shared by multiple installations.
        * workflow spec: orchestrate multiple decoupled installations that inject outputs previously installed bundles into new ones.
        * Idempotent Actions instead of imperative: X should exist in this state. Desired State
        * I want to get credentials from another bundle, or I can pass them in manually (from my admin).
        * When mapping inputs to outputs, allow for overrides (to support above use case).
    * In every internal k8s environment I want to install a collection of tools and dashboards and (ops-view, dashboard, grafana, prometheus). I then want to reuse that collection for other clusters for new projects requirements: [“dashboards:0.1.1”]
    * dependency order: the issue I could see (based on my old bundle dependency) is the order: your cluster is your dependency as it needs to create it first before you can apply your collections therefore, your collection would be your “caller” bundle
        * Run ones required by the graph first, then run the leaf nodes all at the end in any order. (like docker compose)
    * generic capabilities: swapping bundles between prod and dev (azure mysql vs a local dev mysql)
    
* Questions
    * How many levels of dependencies do we want?
    * Should the core runtime _satisfy_ dependencies or merely _check_ them?
        * Neither: dependencies are a separate spec from core.
        * Core would simply enforce that the dependencies extension is present if a bundle needs it. 
    * Do we want one claim for all the bundles installed? or one claim per bundle installation?
    * Can dependencies be satisfied by something installed manually?
    * Should dependencies (and in the future images) be passed in as a parameter type?
    * When multiple bundles can satisfy a capability, should the bundle list bundles can work and make that selectable via a parameter?
* Extra time 
  * Levels of gradual security and key management models (Trishank)

* requirements and capabilities
    * Compare OSGi - [core spec 7.0.0](https://osgi.org/specification/osgi.core/7.0.0) 
    * I don't care which bundle provided the service, I just care that I get the credentials for that service that I require.
    * map inputs (parameters/credentials) to outputs
    * Would require people to agree on common schema for service types and their outputs
    * When you install, you would limit the search space to a single repository to find images that meet the regquirements.
* https://bosh.io/docs/links/
