## Feb. 13th - Security and Registry Meeting

|  |  |
| -------- | -------- |
| Recording  | https://youtu.be/JV6y-18LHN4 |
| Attending  | Radu Matei, Trishank Karthik Kuppusamy, Jacob LeGrone |
| Note Taker | Trishank Karthik Kuppusamy |

### Agenda

- Trishank
  - Busy working on signy to improve default key management
  - Radu: yes, there's room for improvement in the Notary v1 model, but we need to be cognizant of being able to reuse Docker Content Trust keys for those who want that.
- Radu
  - Moving signy to cnabio this week
- Jacob
  - Have you seen [this issue](https://github.com/cnabio/cnab-spec/issues/285)?
  - What is the plan for maintaining a list of blessed (say, invocation) images?
  - Radu: Notary supports [pinning roots of trust](https://docs.docker.com/engine/security/trust/content_trust/#enabling-dct-within-the-docker-enterprise-engine), so we can choose to trust only these images. We can either distribute these roots of trust in GitHub (Trishank), or maintain a separate OCI index where we update them using an indirect root of trust.
  - Jacob: what's the plan for verifying images in an unsigned bundle? (Radu and Trishank: we can use Docker Content Trust for that.) We will need multiple layers of verification, especially when CNAB workflows enter the picture (workflows->bundles->images). Might want an optional paranoid mode where we must verify signatures on bundles and/or images (Trishank).
  - Jacob: what about airgapped environments? How do we transmit signed bundles? Maybe a thick bundle shipped along with signatures in a tarball? Radu: maybe you can maintain separate Notary and Registry services in each environments, and sync state every once in a while in a trusted manner. Trishank: Notary supports [ignoring expiration](https://docs.docker.com/engine/security/trust/content_trust/#using-dct-in-an-offline-environment) in offline environments.
- Next steps:
  - Radu will take a lot at signy issues end of this week or early next week (especially the Registry self-signed TLS root cert issue)
  - Jacob and Trishank will pair-program and hax0r signy, they will get back with issues, lessons, and recommendations
