## **July 24 Agenda**

|  |  | 
| -------- | -------- |
| Recording | https://youtu.be/PuotP0cq5-M |
| Attending | Jeremy Rickard, Glyn Normington, Silvin Lubecki, Darren (Intel), Radu Matei, Karen Chu, Nuno do Carmo, Urvashi Reddy, Leah Hanson, Ralph Squillace, Ryan Moran, Vaughn Dice, Joao Pedro De Almeida Pereira, Jacob LeGrone |
| Note Taker | Radu Matei |

**Agenda**
* New Folks
* Demos?
* 1.0 Working Group Approval (https://github.com/deislabs/cnab-spec/blob/main/901-process.md)
    * But first...https://github.com/deislabs/cnab-spec/issues/229
* Claims, Custom, and Duffle/cnab-go's Relocation Functionality (Jeremy/Glyn)
* Stabilizing dependencies for 1.0 (Radu)
* Discuss: Validation through implementation (Jeremy)

**NOTES**

- 1.0 Working Group Approval
    - Jeremy walks thrhough the approval process document for the core specification
    - outstanding issue - immutable and readoOnly behaviour for parameters (https://github.com/deislabs/cnab-spec/issues/229)
    - objections on the approval process:
        - renaming verbs?
        - Leah: there is no complete implementation of the spec - should we wait for Duffle to implement all features before 1.0 of the core specification (mainly outputs). 
        - Glyn: there might be an advantage of putting the core spec into draft state, so Duffle can work on a stable version of the spec.
        - Glyn: there is no compliance test for the spec
        - Urvashi: we need to know what Duffle lacks from the core specification

- Claims and Custom fields
    - cnab-go has an implementation of the claim that is not part of the specification. Do we need to update the claim definition, or address it in a separate way? (the Claim JSON schema to have a custom field that could be used for non-standard things)
    - Glyn: are claims supposed to be transported across runtimes? If I install using runtime A, then uninstall using runtime B, should the process work?
    - Darren: it would be difficult to have claims reused acrossed runtimes
    - Radu: for relocation (for example) we might need to have a schema
    - Glyn: if claims are particular to runtimes, what is the purpose of the claim schema in the spec?
    - Ralph: it could be used to build tools to analyze claims.
    - Glyn: allow relocation information to go in the Custom section, then promote it as a top-level field
    - Jacob: use claims similar to how Terraform uses state - pluggable backends, and we're working on an implementation for a claims based API
    - Ryan: we don't use claims at all, since they are not required. We thought of claims as a way for portability mechanism, but there are gaps in what the claim represents. We have a compliant runtime, but do not use claims at all.
    
- Stabilizing dependencies for 1.0
    - strategy: go from the leaves to the top
    - Jeremy: do we plan to to a release for cnab-to-oci?
    - Silvin: yes, we plan on doing a release soon.

- Bundle dependencies
    - Jeremy: problem in defining extensions and further specs. Bundle dependencies might be under-specified, and as Porter implements it, it proposes changes back into the specification. Should we have an interim step in the process of proposing specification changes?
    - Radu: in a previous meeting, we proposed that after 1.0, any change in the specification would have to come with a proposed implementation (should this be Duffle, or any other public tool that implements the specification?)
    - Jeremy: what about non-core specs?
    - Leah: for optional specs, it might make sense to allow different tools to validate the implementation 
    - Glyn: maybe it's possible for Duffle to implement every specification.
    - Jeremy: open a PR to add this

- August 15th currently proposed for announcing things
- Jeremy: is everyone still happy with a bi-weekly meeting? 
    - everyone agrees
**ACTION ITEMS**

- please review https://github.com/deislabs/cnab-spec/issues/229
- compile list of items Duffle does not implement from the core specification
- use the Custom field in the Claim for now