## **July 10 Agenda**

|  |  | 
| -------- | -------- |
| Recording | https://youtu.be/kl_3I-1emXM |
| Attending | Jeremy Rickard, Lachie Evenson, Darren (Intel), Leah Hanson, Glyn Normington, Silvin Lubecki, Vaughn Dice, Jacob LeGrone, Simon Ferquel, Ryan Moran, Matt Butcher, Simon Davies, Carolyn van Slyck, Ralph Squillace |
| Note Taker | Matt Butcher

**Agenda**
* New Folks
    * Sorta new: Ralph Squillace
* Please Review and Comment:
    * https://github.com/deislabs/cnab-spec/pull/218 - relocation mapping
        * Quick agreement that this is ready to ship
    * https://github.com/deislabs/duffle/pull/794 - keep bundle and manifest in sync
        * Recently identified bug, PR is straightforward. Just needs reviews. Silvin volunteered to review.
    * https://github.com/deislabs/duffle/pull/792 - small help text fix
        * Small tidy up. Just needs a review.
* 1.0
    * https://github.com/deislabs/cnab-spec/milestone/1
        * Jeremy: Down to the end of things. #185 is ready to go
        * Butcher: Air gap can be moved to CNAB Spec 1.0
        * Jeremy: Are we good otherwise?
            * Butcher: Can we go into "RC-like" phase?
            * Leah: Would prefer to discuss #204
* Renaming required actions 
     * https://github.com/deislabs/cnab-spec/issues/204
         * Butcher: Not too keen on doing this
         * Leah: We're provisioning or creating, not installing
         * Butcher: https://github.com/helm/community/blob/master/helm-v3/research/package-manager-ux.md
         * Leah: Significant difference is that the thing is not installed LOCALLY. Almost all of those things are installed locally. CNAB is not. CNAB creates resources elsewhere.
         * Ryan: Because you can create N intances (at N versions), this is a key difference from, say, a local package manager.
             * Spec calls an instance an "installation"
             * "create an installation", "upgrade an installation"...
        * Simon D: If it is not confusing, perhaps we should leave it.
        * Leah: Because bundles are more generic than merely installing applications, the term might be an understatement of what can be done. Took a lot of explaining to others to clarify this point internally.
        * Carolyn: Tools are free to use whatever verbs they want and map them onto the spec's verbs.
        * Ryan: So the runtime is mapping a user command to a different action name?
        * Carolyn: Yeah, the tool can provide a UX, but the bundle author would still have to use the install name. Tooling could even do things internally (like allow bundle authors to use their own terms for bundles).
        * Ryan: Bundle authors are the ones tripped up in our case. Hard to get them to understand what an action like "upgrade" is supposed to mean in the context of a bundle.
        * Ryan: Also need to update the claims spec to get rid of the term `release`.
* Dependencies
    * Carolyn: Discuss current state vs desired state
        * Carolyn: We added an optional external [dependency spec](https://github.com/deislabs/cnab-spec/blob/master/500-CNAB-dependencies.md). But having it as an optional part of the spec makes it difficult to provide a consistent user experience.
            * Seems that this does not give a clear path for tooling that does not support the dependencies part of the spec.
        * Leah: One option is to add something that notes that a feature is required before the bundle can be used.
        * Glyn: I don't think dependencies is ready for core.
        * Consensus seems to have formed that we should add a capabilities check to the 1.0 spec.
        * Jeremy volunteered to draft. 