## **June 12 Agenda**

|  |  | 
| -------- | -------- |
| Recording | https://youtu.be/xZWdPEVXMjk |
| Attending |Urvashi Reddy, Glyn Normington, Chris Crone, Simon Ferquel, Jeremy Rickard, Karen Chu, Charlie PItkin, Radu Matei, Vaughn Dice, Swapnil Bawaskar, Jacob LeGrone|
| Note Taker | Jeremy Rickard |

**Agenda**
  * New Folks
  * Demos:
  * [CNAB 1.0 Spec Milestone](https://github.com/deislabs/cnab-spec/milestone/1)
  * [Discussion document on distribution, relocation, content addressing, and signing](https://gist.github.com/glyn/f1e4664747533594503b1404d1d8a9b6):
      1. Relocation. Should the spec change so that relocation does not require a modified bundle to be created? For example, it could allow the image map presented to a bundle to be different from that in the CNAB. (See this [draft spec issue](https://github.com/deislabs/cnab-spec/issues/195)).
      2. Distribution. Should we rework the proposed [805 section](https://github.com/deislabs/cnab-spec/pull/183) so that it doesn't touch on storing bundles in registries?
      3. Distribution. What should `duffle import` do once thick bundles store images only in an OCI image layout? Should it simply import the bundle into duffle's private storage (and not load images into the docker daemon)?

**Notes**

- Relocation: when we do relocation, we produce a new CNAB;
- 1.0: No major additions. @Matt Butcher asked if we could close the voting issue (178). Once the open PR from Ryan M merges, it should be.
- Relocation/Distro/etc:
    - Simon: either approach is fine
    - Radu: allowing the image map to change wouldn't be a huge change, volunteered to do a PR
    - Glyn: if we mount entire bundle, we could get rid of original image and pass map
    - Radu will consider draft issue #195 when doing PR
    - Everyone seemed to agree with #144
    - Urvashi volunteered to PR
    - Changes here in distribution, etc are ok, we only want to lock down 100 seciton for "1.0", milestone updated to reflect
    - Simon: OCI Layout can be imported with Docker Load, Might fail if multi-arch etc
    - We should probably only load invocation image into daemon, opt-in for others
    - Radu: Do we need others? Really only need invocation Image
    - Decision: duffle pull/import should load invocation mage, not others by default
    - Copy Silvin on issue to update that
    - Jacob L wants to do a follow up to #172 to capture other use cases so we can decide if needed before locking section 100 down.

Action Items:
- Urvashi: PR for #144
- Radu: PR for changes re image map
- Jacob L: PR or Issue to capture image parameter type
- Docker (Silvin?): PR to "docker load" import invocation image of thick bundle
