## **March 20 Agenda**

|  |  | 
| -------- | -------- |
| Recording | https://youtu.be/7DpeT4I0pnI |
| Attending | Lachlan Evenson, Ryan Moran, Silvin Lubecki, Nuno do Carmo, Jason Stevens, Simon Ferquel, Radu Matei, Urvashi Reddy, Josh Dolitsky, Vaughn Dice, Jeremy Rickard, Darren (Intel), Sameer Advani, Glyn Normington |
|Note Taker | Jeremy Rickard |

**Agenda**
* New Folks
* Demos
* Summary of Changes: https://hackmd.io/s/SJxpDvTLN
* Please Review and Comment:
    * https://github.com/deislabs/cnab-spec/pull/137
    * https://github.com/deislabs/duffle/issues/668
* Should custom extensions be exposed to invocation images?
* What are the goals or use cases for libcnab-rust?
* JSON schema support?

**Notes**
* libcnab-rust:
    * Partially becuse we want to learn RUST
    * We are trying to exercise parts of the spec in other languages
* Re: Should custom extensions be exposed to invocation images?
 - Can we expose extension metadata to the invocation images?
 - Simon suggests that more generally, it would be good to add additional properties 
   across the spec (friendly names for parameters and what not)
 - Glyn will raise an issue to cover this, add to meeting notes: CNAB spec [issue 143](https://github.com/deislabs/cnab-spec/issues/143) raised.

* JSON Schema Support:
    * Urvashi - would it be possible to update cnab spec to adopt JSON Schema wholey
    * Part of effort to enrich parameter definition to allow JSON Schema definition for
      more complicated type
    * Butcher: currently missing object and array types
    * Simon: suggest that we embed validation into invocation image and define a way to report validation errors
    * parameters
   - they look very much like JSON schema, but does not adhere to the JSON schema
   - difference between valid string in the JSON schema and a valid string in the CNAB parameter
   - in the runtime, there is a JSON API that sends parameters -- painful experience, where there are regular JSON payloads that need to be converted into the String type of the CNAB parameter
   - is the bundle.json format supposed to be human readable, exposed to users?

 
- thick bundles and air-gapped environments
   - Docker Compose example -- invocation image embeds the logic to provision the images on the cluster
   - at least for OCI images, we should have a registry in the air-gapped environment, and the images would be re-located there
   - do we need thick bundles at all for this scenario? We can copy things from one registry to another
   - this works for OCI images, no scenario for other images (VMs)
   - until the VM story can be satisfied, we still need thick bundles
   - great to copy the images during relocation (in a DMZ), but other locked down scenarios don't have internet at all, PLUS long term support
   - the duffle implementation of image relocation could handle both thin and thick bundles

**Action Items**

- Glyn open issue for #143
- Urvashi/Ryan: open PR with the json schema stuff
- butcher: list all air-gapped scenarios and decide if we need thick bundles