## **August 28th Agenda - Registry and CNAB Security Meeting**

|  |  | 
| -------- | -------- |
| Recording  | https://youtu.be/Tw_fTscvCXU |
| Attending  | Jeremy Rickard, Carolyn Van Slyck, Radu Matei, Trishank Kuppusamy, Karen Chu, Matt Butcher, Glyn Normington, Jacob LeGrone, Vaughn Dice, Douglas DePerry |
| Note Taker | Carolyn Van Slyck |

**Agenda**

* New folks
* Canonical JSON and the usage of numerical types for JSON schemas (https://github.com/deislabs/cnab-spec/issues/256)
  * Spec should switch to a customized version of json schema draft 7 using integers instead of numbers
  * cnab-go should switch from float64 to integer 
* Updating the OCI Index specification (WIP - https://github.com/radu-matei/image-spec/pull/1)
  * Can't store decimals in integers, 🤦‍♀️
  * Radu will attend OCI weekly meeting and get their advice. 
* Updates on the security specification
  * https://cloud-native.slack.com/files/UK3FS1KDK/FMD5USWKV/cnab-security-figure-4.png 
  * Within a single organization, there would be single TUF server.
  * Developers get automatic delegation, then admin/human goes through and manually claims / verifies the keys for the images later at regular intervals. Same process for bundles.
  * Single root per TUF server, but each company can have their own root. Consumers can make their own ordered list of trusted roots.
  * Notary doesn't support having a single root out of the box.
  * Notary tool doesn't support layers of delegations.
  * Radu: We should keep a suggested list of common verifications that can be performed on an image/bundle. e.g. extract the file system from an invocation image and check that the run entrypoint
  * Mark the key management parts as non-normative for now while we focus on the rest of the spec.
  * Radu: IOU 1 Pager explaining all of this
* Pulling invocation images by digest: https://github.com/deislabs/cnab-go/pull/114
  * Looks like claims would benefit from the same change (including digest as well) or would be impacted by the change. Jacob will evaluate and address in a follow-up PR. 