## **Oct 2nd Agenda - General Meeting**

| | |
| -------- | ------|
| Recording | |
| Attendeing | |
| Note Taker | |

**Agenda**
* New people?
* Demos:
    * porter explain
        * Useful for explaining why to use CNAB
        * Action: also add to duffle
* Invocation images and security (Glyn)
    * A criticism of CNAB is that it requires executing an image, with permissions to do its work. This also makes "what will it do" opaque.
    * As an alternative to an invocation image, maybe for a deploying to k8s, we could have a declarative form of bundle that does not include an image.
    * Would helm/etc be distributed with the bundle?
        * No, that would be out-of-band
    * But then the bundle would be incomplete?
        * Bundles are already complete because they require a CNAB runtime.
    * Seems like a big departure from CNAB so far.
    * Make a well-known extension, like the porter helm mixin. This could pull the helm templates up into the bundle.
    * With a well-known base invocation image (i.e. helm), then users could trust a smaller number of base invocation images than the number of applications they install.
        * PFS does something similar to this, but it does not have the same benefits to users. (Still opaque and not well known.)
    * The bundle.json would not include any invocation image; it would specify that it needs kubectl at a specific version to install.
        * With the ability to inspect what resources would be installed, users might trust more easily.
    * This criticism seems unfair: k8s controllers and CLI tools are also opaque binaries.
        * k8s controller appear to have the same problem but CLI tools such as kubectl are widely used and can be trusted more easily than an application-specific binary.
    * This seems like a radical overhaul of the specification.
    * Experiment: register a helm chart as an image. The invocation image can pull the helm chart in and install it.
        * Benefit: the base invocation image does not need extending.
        * Benefit: does not break 1.0 spec (via custom metadata on the not-really-image)
        * Limitation: what about when you need more than one tool? (combinatorial of tools --helm, terraform, kubectl, kustomize, etc)
    * Alternative: image signing, rather than updating the spec.
    * Mitigation: short-lived credentials passed into invocation image (to make executing safer & auditing easier)
    * Mitigation: while we have a lot of stuff in the spec for passing in creds, we don't have a model for network policy. We could use metadata to add network constraints.
    * People not familiar with containers do not have good tools to understand what they are running.
    * This complaint is coming from k8s environments. k8s is an incredibly important target runtime. It might be worth it to better support using CNAB with k8s. (e.g. write a guide)
    * Maybe the spec is not the best place to make changes in order to tackle the general problem of running code you haven't seen. But this is an important problem.
    * Conclusion:
        * We should have an FAQ answer
        * Glyn will create an issue to continue the discussion: [spec issue 285 here](https://github.com/deislabs/cnab-spec/issues/285)
* https://github.com/deislabs/example-bundles/
    * It's important for new users to have bundles that are update to date.
    * These examples are currently very out of date.
    * Keeping all of these bundles up to date as duffle is updated is a burden.
        * Easy to forget because they're in a separate repo.
    * Option: archive this repo 
    * We have examples in the duffle repo
    * There are also examples in cnab-go
    * Should we cut it down to a smaller set
    * Causing issues for people
        * https://cloud-native.slack.com/archives/CEX1W7WMD/p1569435116092400
        * https://cloud-native.slack.com/archives/CEX1W7WMD/p1569435463093100
    * Actions:
        * archive repo
        * remove from docs
        * choose some examples to move to duffle repo
        * Volunteers: Urvashi, Jeremy, Ralph
* Reminder: two meetings tomorrow (security, creds in 2.0)
    * [security meeting calendar invite](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/r/eventedit/copy/N2g2c2VpcTQ0bDJzNnE5bzJzNWFtN2hjc20gNzg5aTBsMzIzaGZmNzc1b3VwZTZxNDVmbXNAZw/bWF0ZWkucmFkdTk0QGdtYWlsLmNvbQ?sf=true)
    * [creds invite](https://calendar.google.com/event?action=TEMPLATE&tmeid=NnRnc3VtOXBsdDdjcm52dTVuYmo1ZnRiNHMgNzg5aTBsMzIzaGZmNzc1b3VwZTZxNDVmbXNAZw&tmsrc=789i0l323hff775oupe6q45fms%40group.calendar.google.com)
    * These are for the currently active security spec & storage spec.
        * Security spec is an opportunity to set a very high bar and influence the rest of the community.
        * Security spec is very relevant to the criticism around trusting opaque images.
    * Please come and participate! :)
* Move cnab-spec to github.com/cnabio
    * Org has been created
    * Plan: move all deislabs repo and anything else we want into cnabio
    * Moving makes it clearer that CNAB is not owned by any one company
    * Concern: moving duffle & cnab-go would break people's imports
        * Github can do something with automatic-redirects, which should make things work.
    * Concern: what happens to inflight PRs?
        * Moving github repo will bring that along, and you'll just need to change your upstream.
        * Alternative would be to pause PRs for a while during the transition.
        * Several reports of not having any issues when doing similar transitions.
    * Microsoft CLA bot will need to be reconfigured.
    * Request: rename cnab-spec repo to spec to avoid the stutter
        * Action: create issue to track that
    * Request: consider community repo & contribution guides
    * Concern: moving to something controlled by JDF, so need to use the correct licensing bots.
* Group messaging email legal nonsense
    * If outside non-members enter into the email thread, there is an edge-case that those messages could be considered contributions without having signed a CLA.
    * Lawyers are not happy, but felt done after stating the concern thoroughly.
    * No one wants to be a lawyer.
    * Slack did not come up; did not ask.
    * Ralph is good at talking to lawyers.
    * Glyn: CNAB spec has a patent clause; duffle does not.
        * Ralph: I can follow up with the lawyers.
        * Jeremy: probably applies to cnab-go
        * Glyn: yes, the whole cnab working group
* Volunteer to run next meeting?
    * Always Jeremy.