## **Dec. 11 Agenda - General Meeting**

|  |  | 
| -------- | -------- |
| Recording  | https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=947TG3yDogw |
| Attending  | Matt Butcher, Radu Matei, Silvin Lubecki, Glyn Normington, Vaughn Dice, Karen Chu, Jacob LeGrone, Chris G, Ralph Squillace |
| Note Taker | Matt Butcher |

### Agenda

- Intros and Announcements
- Demos
- Status on Claims spec (Butcher)
    - This needs one more review: https://github.com/cnabio/cnab-spec/pull/295
    - A claim should have a reference to the bundle https://github.com/cnabio/cnab-spec/issues/297
    - Upgrade action should mount the previous bundle https://github.com/cnabio/cnab-spec/issues/296
    - Clarify terminology: https://github.com/cnabio/cnab-spec/issues/298 
- Status on Security and Registry specs
- Coordination: Are there any release announcements in the next 2 months? (Butcher)
- Holiday Schedule 

### Notes:
- Demos
    - Notes: Radu shows generating Rust bindings for OCI registries pulls by bridging Go (via CGO) and Rust (via bindgen) and dynamically loading the library. His demo showed pulling a CNAB bundle.json from Rust using this.
        - Q (Jacob): Did we talk about storing the bundle.json itself instead of a pointer to a blob?
        - A (Radu): I think CNAB-to-OCI used to do this, but we lost the content digest when we did that because we don't know how the registry will store it
        - Q (Glyn): It may be worth wrapping the unsafe, bindgen-generated interface to cnab-go in rich Rust types.
        - A (Radu): Yes, this demo was just getting a simple case working.
        - Q (Glyn): Is the Go runtime loaded each time?
        - A (Radu): Not sure, but probably
        - Q (Jacov): do people want to see a demo of how we use bazel to construct the digests prior to pushing? 
        - A (Glyn): it's likely that you have an unintentional expectation that docker compression will remain the same, so look out for that
        - A (Radu): love to see Jacob's demo however
        - Q (Radu): How do we package shared objects in binary releases?
        - A ():
- Status of Claims Spec
    - #295 needs another lgtm
    - #296, #297 Butcher to take another pass at them
    - Some verbiage still needs clarification
    - Next meeting would be great to lock this small spec area down; really only tidying is required
    - Anything else should be in here?
    - Q (jacob): what is your definition of a release?
    - A: an installation of a claim; an ugrade is a "release" of an installation, but releases aren't tracked in the spec but installations are. The language got muddied; perhaps we just eliminate one term altogether. Jacob: I think we just need "installation" and not release. Agreement: Butcher/Glyn. don't want confusion with things like helm, too. 
- Jacob: PR for cnab-go that just needs a review: #165
- Radu: Do we want to change the import paths for cnab-go and duffle?
    - A: Jacob: I updated for cnab-go
    - A: Go ahead and upgrade duffle
- Status of security spec
    - Ralph: Trishank is still strongly motivated to move it to completion
    - Radu: There is a Go implementation with CNAB-to-OCI and Notary. Started a Python implementation. The FFI work might also work with Python sharing with Rust(?). Technically, all the pieces are there and functional
- Status of registry spec
    - OCI blocking issue #1: Index has no concept of a config object. No way to add a type to an index (e.g. a CNAB type)
    - OCI blocking issue #2: All images referenced in an index must be part of the same registry as the index. No way to include references to remote objects (e.g. like part of a different repo)
        - Issue is really storing multiple types in the same repository, not necessarily referencing external artifacts. The conversation in OCI is all wrapped up together. We don't need the external references, though... just multiple types in the same registry.
        - Discussion about cyclic dependencies, garbage collection re: external references
- Any upcomming announcements?
    - No big ones
- Holiday Schedule
    - Next meeting will be January 8, 2020
- Renaming libcnab-rust repo to cnab.rs
    - Add Jacob Legrone as a maintainer (Radu)
    - Create issues for the next three:
        - Then we can do the GitHub rename
        - Cut some releases
        - Add GitHub action for running tests
