## **February 27 Agenda**
|  |  | 
| -------- | -------- |
| Recording | https://youtu.be/wlkoi5ga6V8 |
| Attending | Jeremy Rickard, Ryan Moran, Nuno do Carmo, Urvashi Reddy, Gareth Rushgrove, Glyn Normington, Radu Matei, Lachie Evenson, Matt Butcher, Steve Lasker, Michelle Noorali, Carolyn Van Slyck, Karen Chu, Jason Stevens, Josh Dolitsky, Vaughn Dice, Matt Fisher, Gabrielle, Sameer Advani, Chris Green |
| Note Taker | Lachlan Evenson | 

**AGENDA**

* New Folks
* Demos:
    * CNAB/porter wsl demo (Nuno)
    * CNAB push -> promote -> pull demo (simon) [Please schedule for next week instead]
    * [lupo](https://github.com/jdolitsky/lupo) - PoC of using Lua to build Porter bundles (Josh) [maybe next next week]
* Tooling request for help (are you working on a CNAB tool and need help?)
* CNAB core spec 1.0 progress
* Release notes / summary of spec changes (jeremy)?
* Spec proposal for JSON on STDIN - [deislabs/cnab-spec#114](https://github.com/deislabs/cnab-spec/issues/114)
* Self-contained documentation for bundles (Radu) - [deislabs/cnab-spec#118](https://github.com/deislabs/cnab-spec/issues/118)

**NOTES**
* Should we run things outside the invocation image but rather directly on the host operating system? We could build a rkt driver potentially that unbundles and image. (based off the details in Nuno's demo)
* Have CNAB core-spec to stabilize by the end of the week
* There are four specifications in cnab-spec repo. Core, Repository, Security, Claims. Also non-normative has been moved out to the 800 section.
* Question - Core is the only mandatory specification. We want people to be able to say, we are cnab-spec compliant.
* Are image drivers in or out of the spec? The drivers are part of the duffle implementation and are not part of the spec.
* Spec proposal for JSON on STDIN - parse data over STDIN directly in to the run tool via "Stdin: true". What happens if you have that on two parameters? How do you know what parameter is what?
* Discussion around support object, or array with declared schema and have JSON schema validate.
* Documentation discussion - having a directory within the bundle that can be stored as an OCI layer and then parse by the repository. Updates to core-spec would be a refence to a directory and a description field. https://github.com/deislabs/cnab-spec/issues/118  
