## **February 20 Agenda**
|  |  | 
| -------- | -------- |
| Recording | https://youtu.be/jG1N8QnYUjE |
| Attending | Lachlan Evenson, Jeremy Rickard, Josh Dolitsky, Matt Butcher, Daniel Fein, Carolyn Van Slyck, Karen Chu, Chris Crone, Adnan Abdulhussein, Gabrielle, Nuno do Carmo, Radu Matei, Sameer Advani, Swapnil Bawaskar, Urvashi Reddy, Vaughn Dice, Simon Ferquel, Ryan Moran, Atlas    | 
| Note Taker | Lachlan Evenson | 

**AGENDA**

* Demos:
* Short update on TUF/In-Toto design
* alpha/beta releases of spec in run up to 1.0
* Storage of CNABs in registries
    * Feedback on [CNAB to OCI](https://github.com/docker/cnab-to-oci/pull/19) update
* Naming of common credentials
    * May not age well in the spec
    * Align tool builders on common credential names (i.e.: kubeconfig, etc.)
* Would CNAB be an appropriate place to host a spec related to storing multiple content types over OCI? (Josh Dolitsky)
    * OCI maling list discussion: https://groups.google.com/a/opencontainers.org/forum/#!topic/dev/idUW9KWQsBo
* Porter + Lua (Josh Dolitsky)
    * https://github.com/deislabs/porter/issues/173

**NOTES**

* Security currently direction switching from open pgp to [TUF](https://github.com/theupdateframework/notary) and [In-Toto](https://in-toto.github.io/)?
* Proposal of third specification on security. Optionally implmentable without affecting cnab core compliance
    * Matt Butcher is working on the draft hopefully finished by the end of the week
    * Questions? 
        * Will this tie into registries? Yes and with notary
        * Will all the specs go v1 at the same time? Currently not sure. 
* Identified security issue in Duffle "duffle docker driver mounts the docker socket for no apparent reason. That gives CNAB invocation images a wide open door to your machine. (Will write an issue on Docker repo for this one) "
* We shouldn't have aplha and beta of the releases to stop fragmentation. When will the core part of the spec be v1.
    * Move fast on cnab core and get it to v1
    * What is the current rate of change and how many tools implement the specificiation
* Chris proposing CNAB to OCI tool be used to store bundles in registries
* Where should the CNAB registry storage conversation be had?
* Discussion around tight coupling of image spec and distribution spec
    * Challenging to make changes to OCI distribution to make it a generic store because every tool has different use-cases
    * Annotations are the best way forward with custom types
    * Start with standard agreed upon key then move forward with the implementation
    * DECISION: Move forward with CNAB to OCI and continue discussion in OCI distribution. Agree on annotation across communities. Simon to help with pulling CNAB to OCI into Docker-app
    * CNAB to OCI doesn't currently support thin-bundles.Simon and Chris to raise issue to hash out the detail
        * Thin bundle = main OCI Index + config blob
        * Thick bundle = Thin bundle + deep copy of everything linked by the main OCI index 
* Well known custom actions - https://github.com/deislabs/cnab-spec/blob/master/805-well-known-custom-actions.md
* Porter mixin for CNAB that makes a single bundle from multiple bundles
    * As soon as the spec has any way to communicate outputs between bundles then we could compose bundles as you suggest. Until then I think it would be a bit clunky. Like you could run a bunch of bundles, but without being able to pass data between them, it wouldn’t be as useful as I would want, no?
    * Jeremy has proposal and will open PR

**ACTION ITEMS**
* https://github.com/deislabs/cnab-spec/blob/master/101-bundle-json.md#the-image-map -> refs and image map injection at runtime is redundant
    * https://github.com/deislabs/cnab-spec/issues/113