## August 4th - General Meeting

|  |  | 
| -------- | -------- |
| Recording  |  |
| Attending  | Chris Crone, Carolyn Van Slyck, Gauri Madhok, Radu Matei, Jacob LeGrone, Simon Davies, Matt Butcher, Vaughn Dice, Trishank Kuppusamy |
| Note Taker | Carolyn Van Slyck |

### Agenda

* Welcome new CNABBERS! 🦀
* ZOOM IS FIXED! 🎉
* Gauri - Demo of the docker mixin
    * login currently uses username/password
    * Chris suggests using 2FA and personal access tokens instead
* Vaughn - Demo of the parameter set enhancement
    * parameter sets are just like credential sets but for parameters
    * lets you have secrets (hashicororp vault, azure key vault, etc) injected into your parameters
* Carolyn - Porter was submitted to CNCF sandbox. Come code with us and cross your fingers.
* KubeCon EU Talks!!!
    * https://kccnceu20.sched.com/event/Zet9/simplify-your-cloud-native-application-packaging-and-deployments-chris-crone-docker
    * https://kccnceu20.sched.com/event/Zemr/sharing-is-caring-push-your-cloud-application-to-an-oci-registry-silvin-lubecki-djordje-lukic-docker
    * https://kccnceu20.sched.com/event/Zexh/deep-dive-harbor-enterprise-cloud-native-artifact-registry-steven-zou-daniel-jiang-vmware
* Workflow proposal by Jacob
    * https://github.com/cnabio/cnab-spec/issues/361#issuecomment-621998819
* Radu: Security implementation is underway in signy (PR 80)
* Jacob: DataDog is using ORAS in prod to reference bundles and push bundles, working on pushing terraform artifacts as OCI artifacts.
    * Radu: heads up you won't be able to use signy because it uses cnab-to-oci.
    * Jacob: May need to swap out ORAS with cnab-to-oci, we use generic artifacts which is why we did ORAS.
    * Radu: Let's talk over at next security meeting.
    * Chris: When using oras, how are you tracking artifacts in the registry?
    * Jacob: Indexing everything outside of the registry. Query and build the UI using a separate graph db.
    * Jacob: Want to be able to tie back OCI artifacts through the pipline to source control.
* Radu: We merged the first draft for the registry draft, please take a look!