## June 10th - General Meeting

|  |  | 
| -------- | -------- |
| Recording  |  |
| Attending  | Trishank Kuppusamy, Jeff Benson, Chris Crone, Vaughn Dice, Matt Butcher, Radu Matei |
| Note Taker | Radu Matei |

### Agenda

* Welcome new CNABBERS! 🦀

* CNAB Security
    * review final addition (to non-normative section) [`cnab-spec#370`](https://github.com/cnabio/cnab-spec/pull/370)
        * this adds some more information about airgapped environments to the non-normative sections
    * process for calling a vote (later in the week) (branching, tagging, PR)

        * we think the security spec is in a state where we can call for a vote, as both the TUF and in-toto use cases have been tested, so we think it is time to call for a vote.
        * the process: PR with the official final wording (CNAB-Spec-1.0);  [this document](https://github.com/cnabio/cnab-spec/blob/master/901-process.md#git-release-flow) describes the process - after the PR, we have a branch that we will later use for errata changes. If there are JSON specs for the spec.
        * a super-majority has to approve the PR, a branch is cut, then Chris Crone and Matt Butcher are the final approvers (tag the commit that becomes the final version of the spec)
        
        * Radu: how do we handle non-normative sections? (there is a part in the security spec that talks about known implementations - we expect that to change over time, without necessarily having actual change)
        * Chris: we should add a note of how maintainers handle non-normative sections.
        * Matt: I would move that section to the non-normative part of the spec.

* CNAB Registry
    * addressed initial feedback and rebased the PR for the registry spec, please re-review [`cnab-spec#362`](https://github.com/cnabio/cnab-spec/pull/362)
        * Chris: should we think about how we store image in airgapped scenarios?
        * Radu: 
        * Chris: OCI has a way of describing local images (the layout), so we did not reimplement this.
        * Jeff: when we push a bundle into an airgapped registry, we try to find the most non-intrusive way to do that.

* Community bundle for Harbor v2 (with registry and Notary)
    * no updates here yet
    
* Walk through giant claim PR of doom [`cnab-go#212`](https://github.com/cnabio/cnab-go/pull/212)

* Duffle
    * Matt: it was originally the reference implementation, but as we pulled out most functionality into `cnab-go`
    * Chris: all the useful bits are in `cnab-go`.
    * Matt: the only action item is to open a PR to clarify on the top of the readme.
