## Jan. 22nd - General Meeting

|  |  | 
| -------- | -------- |
| Recording  |   |
| Attending  | Jacob LeGrone, Matt Butcher, Radu Matei, Ralph Squillace, Carolyn Van Slyck, Vaughn Dice, Chris Crone |
| Note Taker | Carolyn Van Slyck |

### Agenda

- Add Silvin as core maintainer for the spec - https://github.com/cnabio/cnab-spec/pull/315
- Formalize Claim fields - https://github.com/cnabio/cnab-spec/pull/309 (Matt)
- Clarify contentDigest - https://github.com/cnabio/cnab-spec/issues/287 (Jeremy)
- Mounting the previous bundle on upgrade actions (Silvin) - https://github.com/cnabio/cnab-spec/issues/296
- Store a claim when an action has state (Carolyn) - https://github.com/cnabio/cnab-spec/issues/312
- Call to vote on new version of CNAB Core 1.0.1

### Notes
* Approved Silvin as a spec maintainer
* Discussed claims comments on the PR
    * Do we store state (e.g. terraform state) in the claim? In custom? Next to the claim?
    * Jacob suggested that bundles can specify which outputs they want mounted inside the bundle for upgrade and not be stored in the claim anymore.
    * Carolyn add non-normative section to use outputs as state as well (instead of custom).
* Jacob: Can we remove the rest of non-declarative info from the claim so that we can make an index on the claim? Hard to do that now properly because of previous action, underway status, etc.
    * Yes! 💯
    * Jacob will open PR to move outputs of claims
    * Carolyn will open PR to split claim into claim (declarative) + audit log with the result of previous actions
* Mounting the previous bundle on upgrade actions
    * Mount a directory of claims/revision by uuid?
    * Last sucessful claim mounted only is easiest for now until we have a use case
    * Is there value in being able to restart an action using the last failed claim, e.g. repeating a failed upgrade and getting back the state/claim from that failed upgrade so that it can start from where it left off or clean up?
        * Possible answer is that tools solve this and can pass in a different claim.
* Call to vote on new version of CNAB Core 1.0.1
    * This would be a patch bump of the spec
    * Errata is for spelling and grammar
    * master is a draft, a pit for us to review not an immediate version bump - so say we all
