## September 30th - General Meeting

|  |  | 
| -------- | -------- |
| Recording  | TBD |
| Attending  | Jacob LeGrone, Matt Butcher, Carolyn Van Slyck, Radu Matei, Vaughn Dice, Simon Davies  |
| Note Taker | Carolyn Van Slyck |

### Agenda

🚨 New zoom link: https://carolynvs.com/zoom.

We had trouble logging into our usual zoom so we used Carolyn's.

- Welcome new CNABBERS! 🦀
- CNAB_LAST_REVISION https://github.com/cnabio/cnab-spec/pull/386
    - This has been merged as of yesterday
    - Could be useful for stateless invocation images, e.g. doesn't have config maps but does add annotations. Maybe it does a diff action if it had the revision.
    - DD doesn't do that today because they use helm instead.
    - It's not clear which revision for the runtim to grab, due to custom actions.
    - We removed to pave the way for a final release of CNAB Core 1.1.0 and CNAB Claims 1.0.0. For now let's remove and wait for a solid use case.
- CNAB Core 1.1.0 Release
    - https://github.com/cnabio/cnab-spec/pull/388 (approved + merged)
    - It's not approved by the working group yet. We need approval from the WG:
        - radu, butcher, jeremy, silvan, Jacob, carolyn (from OWNERS)
        - Need a majority vote from the above people before we can create a branch
        - Then the executive team can approve and cut a tag from the branch
    - We just need to cut the tag to formalize the release (process above)
- CNAB Claims 1.0.0 Release
    - https://github.com/cnabio/cnab-spec/pull/390
    - Same process as the core release above
- We need change logs for both releases. Vaughn volunteers to create them.
- Let's add a checklist item to the PR template to add to the change log.
    - Vaughn will follow-up and add an issue for it.
    - Not sure if we have a PR template?
- Demo at a later time the Data Dog Worflow and trick them into upstreaming it into the spec
    - Is it cloud native if it's not YAML? 🤔
