## April 1st - General Meeting

|  |  | 
| -------- | -------- |
| Recording  | https://youtu.be/xSEsQwjXRK8 |
| Attending  | Chris Crone, Carolyn Van Slyck, Ben Whiting, Glyn Normington, Ralph Squillace, Matt Butcher, Radu Matei, Karen Chu, Trishank Karthik Kuppusamy, Jacob LeGrone, Vaughn Dice |
| Note Taker | Radu Matei |
### Agenda

* Welcome new CNABBERS 🦀
* Declarative installation support (Glyn) - [#358](https://github.com/cnabio/cnab-spec/pull/358)
    * Glyn: we discussed making invocation images optional, and the implications it would have on the spec - decided it would have too big an impact on the spec, and so we are dropping this issue for now. This means VMware will not use CNAB for the Kubernetes use case.
    * Chris: Thanks for the work here, we are curious to see what you end up using for this specific use case.
    * Ralph: Thank you for working on this issue, helping us understand this how this could work. Hopefully we make enough progress to get back to working on this in the future.
    * Chris: This also kicked off a bunch of interesting ideas in this space.
    * Glyn: VMware is experimenting with some other options, such as [sheaf](https://github.com/bryanl/sheaf) and [kbld](https://get-kbld.io/). See, for instance, Spring Cloud Dataflow's [spike](https://github.com/spring-cloud/spring-cloud-dataflow/issues/3858) to explore packaging options.
* Needs review:
    * split claim and result into separate documents - [#349](https://github.com/cnabio/cnab-spec/pull/349)
        * Carolyn: this change has been out for a while - depending on whether the action modified or not, the revision wasn't bumped. The main change in this PR is that every time an action is executed, the runtimes have the option to update the revision. Tools that want to keep every action result are now enabled to do that with this change in the spec. The last commit in the linked PR has the relevant changes.
        * Chris: I see there are 3 LGTMs already.
        * Jacob: I didn't see the last update, I would like the chance to review this before it gets merged. We are building something that doesn't update the revision, but still allows the tracking of all actions.
        * Carolyn: Sure - this is an optional change.
    * add schema validation in `cnab-go` - [#188](https://github.com/cnabio/cnab-go/pull/188)
        * Vaughn: simple implementation of schema validation, now that CI generates schema. It is ready for a re-review now.
        * Chris: if you need another review, feel free to ping Silvin.
* Update active checks required for merging -`validation` and `cnab-spec-validate` (Radu)
    * Radu: 
    * Vaughn: older PRs that were created before #340 - once they are rebased against `master`, they will only require `cnab-spec-validate`.
    * Radu: if you have an open PR for CNAB spec, please rebase against `master`.
* Registry
    * Chris: we are still updating the document - other than the on-disk representation, which we don't currently support.
    * Radu: will open a draft PR with the changes in the HackMD document
