## May 27th - General Meeting

|  |  | 
| -------- | -------- |
| Recording  | https://youtu.be/yuh4SuECb6Q |
| Attending  | Carolyn Van Slyck, Vaughn Dice, Trishank Kuppusamy, Jacob LeGrone |
| Note Taker | Radu Matei |

### Agenda
* Welcome new CNABBERS 🦀

* claims specification status (Carolyn)
    * Carolyn has been implementing all the changes in `cnab-go` and Porter. It is a very big change, since it changes how runtimes use claims, as well as the persistence. PRs should come through the end of the week.
    * More of the logic for dealing with claims should be pulled out of individual tools and moved to `cnab-go`.
    
* [security specification](https://github.com/cnabio/cnab-spec/blob/main/300-CNAB-security.md) - final reviews before calling a vote for 1.0 (Trishank, Radu)
    * Trishank: we think the specification is ready, it has been in a draft for a while. The only thing we should look into again is into the airgapped environments.
    * Radu: we want to call a vote two weeks from now.
    * Trishank: please take a look with a critical eye.
    * https://github.com/cnabio/cnab-spec/issues/369
    
* [image relocation and registries discussion](https://github.com/deislabs/porter/pull/1047) (Carolyn, Radu)
    * Carolyn: Porter has two commands - `publish` (moving across airgapped environemnts and publish again) and `copy` (take a bundle a copy it to a registry without an airgapped network). It turns out the two commands have different behaviours wrt the repositories where the images are pushed.
    * Radu:
    * Ralph: is there a particular scenario that is currently blocked by leaving the current commands? The problem seems to be the user experience.
    * Carolyn: the issue is with understanding where the images can be found after publishing / pushing a bundle. I started writing documentation for how the relocation works, and realized it is inconsistent.
    * Carolyn: maybe adding tags to images pushed with bundles in `cnab-to-oci` might help?
    * Ralph: I think this is a transparency problem.
    * Carolyn: you end up with multiple repositories.
    * Ralph: what I think the more immediate taks would be transparency. The way the UX in Porter works, it feels like the two commands should be doing  the same thing, but they don't. So users now have to understand the difference in how the two commands work. Having a consistent behaviour in the end is a good goal - but given these serve two different purposes, people mostly want to understand where the images are pushed.
    * Carolyn: this is less about something being broken, but more about making sure people understand what is happening.
    * Carolyn: I will fix the bug in Porter and document the behaviour.    

* community maintained Harbor bundle for registry and signer (Radu)
    * bundle that configures: harbor, registry, notary
        * there is a helm chart for harbor2
        * wants persistence, https and integration with reverse dns THIS IS SPARTA!!! err real world installation
    * need help from harbor to configure it correctly on a live cluster
    * Ralph: will follow-up with harbor PMs
